applications: Added guide about extending Matter bridge app (#13452)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/matter_bridge/doc/adding_bridged_matter_device.rst

.. _matter_adding_bridged_matter_device:

Adding support for bridging of new Matter device type
*****************************************************

> The Matter Bridge application supports bridging only a few Matter device types due to practical reasons.

Reviewer: "bridging only a few" is correct here since the sentence ends "due to practical reasons". 

"only few" would work if the whole sentence was "Due to practical reasons, only few Matter device types are supported by the Matter Bridge application." and even then, "only a few" works better.

Using "bridging a few" would work without "due to practical reasons", in which case supporting a couple of Matter device types is something extra offered in the application.

You can select any of the available :ref:`Matter device types <ug_matter_device_types>` and add support to it in the application.
In this guide the ``Pressure Sensor`` device type was presented as an example.

Based on :ref:`Matter Bridge architecture <ug_matter_overview_bridge_ncs_implementation>` you will need to implement the ``Matter Bridged Device`` and ``Bridged Device Data Provider`` roles for the newly added Matter device type.

> The Matter Bridge application supports simulated and Bluetooth LE Bridged Device Data Providers.

Author: This is a subpage of our main bridge readme, so I assume someone should take a look there first.

In this guide the simulated provider example was presented, but the process looks similar for Bluetooth LE provider as well.

Complete the following steps to add the ``Pressure Sensor`` device type support to the Matter Bridge.

1. Enable ``Pressure Measurement`` cluster for the endpoint ``2`` in the :file:`src/bridge.zap` file and re-generate files located in the :file:`src/zap-generated` directory.
   To learn how to modify the :file:`.zap` file and re-generate the :file:`zap-generated` directory, see the :ref:`ug_matter_creating_accessory_edit_zap` in the :ref:`ug_matter_creating_accessory` user guide.
#. Implement the ``Matter Bridged Device`` role.

   a. Create :file:`pressure_sensor.cpp` and :file:`pressure_sensor.h` files in the :file:`src/bridged_device_types` directory.

>    #. Open the :file:`nrf/samples/matter/common/bridge/matter_bridged_device.h` to see :c:struct:`MatterBridgedDevice` class constructor.

Reviewer 2: This step is needed to learn the abstract class constructor signature, that is used in the child class constructor, right? Maybe it's worth clarifying?

Author: Added one sentence clarifying it.

   #. Add new :c:struct:`PressureSensorDevice` class inherting from the :c:struct:`MatterBridgedDevice` and implement its constructor in the :file:`pressure_sensor.cpp` and :file:`pressure_sensor.h` files.

      - :file:`pressure_sensor.h`

         .. code-block:: C++

            #pragma once

            #include "matter_bridged_device.h"

            class PressureSensorDevice : public MatterBridgedDevice {
            public:

            PressureSensorDevice(const char *nodeLabel);
            static constexpr uint16_t kPressureSensorDeviceTypeId = 0x0305;

            };

      - :file:`pressure_sensor.cpp`

         .. code-block:: C++

            #include "pressure_sensor.h"

            PressureSensorDevice::PressureSensorDevice(const char *nodeLabel) : MatterBridgedDevice(nodeLabel) {}

>    #. Declare all mandatory clusters for the ``Pressure Sensor`` device type and fill the appropriate :c:struct:`MatterBridgedDevice` class fields in the :c:struct:`PressureSensorDevice` class constructor.

Author: Ok

>       The ``Pressure Sensor`` device requires ``Descriptor``, ``Bridged Device Basic Information`` and ``Identify`` clusters that can be declared using helper macros from the :file:`nrf/samples/matter/common/bridge/matter_bridged_device.h` and ``Pressure Measurement`` cluster that has to be described in the application.

Author: Well, we could do that, but I'm not sure if it's really needed, because we present an example below that precisely shows which macros are used, there is also API documentation for them and their names are sort of self-explanatory. My point was to only mention our custom macros for mandatory clusters, because it's not obvious why we use them.

                  mDeviceTypeList = kBridgedPressureDeviceTypes;
                  mDeviceTypeListSize = ARRAY_SIZE(kBridgedPressureDeviceTypes);
                  mDataVersion = static_cast<DataVersion *>(chip::Platform::MemoryAlloc(sizeof(DataVersion) * mDataVersionSize));
            }

   #. See the :file:`nrf/samples/matter/common/bridge/matter_bridged_device.h` to learn which methods of :c:struct:`MatterBridgedDevice` class are purely virtual (assigned with ``=0``) and have to be overridden by the :c:struct:`PressureSensorDevice` class.
   #. Declare the required methods by editing the :file:`pressure_sensor.h` as follows:

      .. code-block:: C++

        uint16_t GetDeviceType() const override;

        CHIP_ERROR HandleRead(chip::ClusterId clusterId, chip::AttributeId attributeId, uint8_t *buffer,
                    uint16_t maxReadLength) override;
        CHIP_ERROR HandleWrite(chip::ClusterId clusterId, chip::AttributeId attributeId, uint8_t *buffer) override;
        CHIP_ERROR HandleAttributeChange(chip::ClusterId clusterId, chip::AttributeId attributeId, void *data,
                        size_t dataSize) override;

>    #. Implement the body of the :c:func:`GetDeviceType` method, that should return device type id for the ``Pressure Sensor``, which is equal to ``0x0305``.

Author: Ok, I will mention device library specification there.

      .. code-block:: C++

         void Init() override;
         void NotifyUpdateState(chip::ClusterId clusterId, chip::AttributeId attributeId, void *data, size_t dataSize) override;
         CHIP_ERROR UpdateState(chip::ClusterId clusterId, chip::AttributeId attributeId, uint8_t *buffer) override;

   #. Implement the body of :c:func:`Init` method that should prepare data provider for further operation.
      In this case, the pressure measurements will be simulated by changing data in a random manner and updating it in a fixed time intervals.
      To initialize the timer and perform measurement updates, edit :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.h` and :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.cpp` files as follows:

      - :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.h`

         .. code-block:: C++

            static void NotifyAttributeChange(intptr_t context);

            static constexpr uint16_t kMeasurementsIntervalMs = 10000;
            static constexpr int16_t kMinRandomPressure = 95;
            static constexpr int16_t kMaxRandomPressure = 101;

            static void TimerTimeoutCallback(k_timer *timer);

>             k_timer mTimer;

Author: We modify created header files in majority of places in this guide and it's always about class definition content. Do you think we should add it in all places?

>             k_timer mTimer;

Reviewer 2: For us it's obvious, but when trying to put myself in the inexperienced reader' shoes I have a feeling there might be some doubts, especially here, where nothing indicates these are class members except from `m` suffix.

>             k_timer mTimer;

Author: Ok, added clarification in all places that modify the class content.

      In this case, there is not any attribute supporting write operations and sending data to end device is not required, so edit :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.cpp` file as follows:

      .. code-block:: C++

         CHIP_ERROR SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider::UpdateState(chip::ClusterId clusterId, chip::AttributeId attributeId,
                                    uint8_t *buffer)
         {
            return CHIP_ERROR_UNSUPPORTED_CHIP_FEATURE;
         }

3. Include ``PressureSensorDevice`` and ``SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider`` implementations created in a previous steps to the compilation.
   Edit :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file, as follows:

   .. code-block:: cmake

      target_sources(app PRIVATE
        src/bridged_device_types/pressure_sensor.cpp
        src/simulated_providers/simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.cpp
      )

4. Provide allocators for ``PressureSensorDevice`` and ``SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider``  objects creation.

>    The Matter Bridge application uses a factory module that creates a pair of ``Matter Bridged Device`` and ``Bridged Device Data Provider`` objects matching specific Matter device type id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Matter Bridge application uses a factory module that creates a pair of ``Matter Bridged Device`` and ``Bridged Device Data Provider`` objects matching a specific Matter device type ID.
```
On the BLE page, the factory module was named. Should it be here as well?

Author: Yes, I added it to be consistent.

.. _matter_bridge_app_extending_matter_device:

Adding support for a new Matter device type
###########################################

The Matter Bridge application supports bridging only a few Matter device types due to practical reasons.

> You can select any of the available :ref:`Matter device types <ug_matter_device_types>` and add support to it in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you can select any of the available :ref:`Matter device types <ug_matter_device_types>` and add support to it in the application.
```

You will need to implement the ``Matter Bridged Device`` and ``Bridged Device Data Provider`` roles based on the :ref:`Matter Bridge architecture <ug_matter_overview_bridge_ncs_implementation>` for the newly added Matter device type.
The Matter Bridge application supports :ref:`simulated and Bluetooth LE <matter_bridge_app_bridged_support>` bridged device configurations.

> In this guide the simulated provider example was presented, but the process looks similar for Bluetooth LE provider as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, the simulated provider example is presented, but the process is similar for the Bluetooth LE provider as well.
```

The following steps show how to add support for a new Matter device type, using  the Pressure Sensor device type as an example.

1. Enable the ``Pressure Measurement`` cluster for the endpoint ``2`` in the :file:`src/bridge.zap` file and re-generate the files located in the :file:`src/zap-generated` directory.

   To learn how to modify the :file:`.zap` file and re-generate the :file:`zap-generated` directory, see the :ref:`ug_matter_creating_accessory_edit_zap` section in the :ref:`ug_matter_creating_accessory` user guide.
#. Implement the ``Matter Bridged Device`` role.

   a. Create the :file:`pressure_sensor.cpp` and :file:`pressure_sensor.h` files in the :file:`src/bridged_device_types` directory.
   #. Open the :file:`nrf/samples/matter/common/bridge/matter_bridged_device.h` header file and find the :c:struct:`MatterBridgedDevice` class constructor.

>       Learn the constructor signature, that will be used in the child class implemented in the next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Note the constructor signature, it will be used in the child class implemented in the next steps.
```

>    #. Add a new :c:struct:`PressureSensorDevice` class inherting :c:struct:`MatterBridgedDevice`, and implement its constructor in the :file:`pressure_sensor.cpp` and :file:`pressure_sensor.h` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Add a new :c:struct:`PressureSensorDevice` class inheriting :c:struct:`MatterBridgedDevice`, and implement its constructor in the :file:`pressure_sensor.cpp` and :file:`pressure_sensor.h` files.
```

      - :file:`pressure_sensor.h`

         .. code-block:: C++

            #pragma once

            #include "matter_bridged_device.h"

            class PressureSensorDevice : public MatterBridgedDevice {
            public:

            PressureSensorDevice(const char *nodeLabel);
            static constexpr uint16_t kPressureSensorDeviceTypeId = 0x0305;

            };

      - :file:`pressure_sensor.cpp`

         .. code-block:: C++

            #include "pressure_sensor.h"

            PressureSensorDevice::PressureSensorDevice(const char *nodeLabel) : MatterBridgedDevice(nodeLabel) {}

>    #. Declare all clusters that are mandatory for the Pressure Sensor device type, according to the Matter device library specification, and fill the appropriate :c:struct:`MatterBridgedDevice` class fields in the :c:struct:`PressureSensorDevice` class constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Declare all clusters that are mandatory for the Pressure Sensor device type, according to the Matter device library specification, and fill the appropriate :c:struct:`MatterBridgedDevice` class fields in the :c:struct:`PressureSensorDevice` class constructor.
   
```
Breaking into two paragraphs in the bullet, to make it a little easier to read.

>       The Pressure Sensor device requires ``Descriptor``, ``Bridged Device Basic Information`` and ``Identify`` clusters, which can be declared using helper macros from the :file:`nrf/samples/matter/common/bridge/matter_bridged_device.h` header file, and the ``Pressure Measurement`` cluster, which has to be defined in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The Pressure Sensor device requires the ``Descriptor``, ``Bridged Device Basic Information`` and ``Identify`` clusters, which can be declared using helper macros from the :file:`nrf/samples/matter/common/bridge/matter_bridged_device.h` header file, and the ``Pressure Measurement`` cluster, which has to be defined in the application.
```

               { static_cast<chip::DeviceTypeId>(MatterBridgedDevice::DeviceType::BridgedNode),
               MatterBridgedDevice::kDefaultDynamicEndpointVersion }
            };

            static constexpr uint8_t kPressureDataVersionSize = ArraySize(bridgedPressureClusters);

      - Modify the constructor:

         .. code-block:: C++

            PressureSensorDevice::PressureSensorDevice(const char *nodeLabel) : MatterBridgedDevice(nodeLabel)
            {
                  mDataVersionSize = kPressureDataVersionSize;
                  mEp = &bridgedPressureEndpoint;
                  mDeviceTypeList = kBridgedPressureDeviceTypes;
                  mDeviceTypeListSize = ARRAY_SIZE(kBridgedPressureDeviceTypes);
                  mDataVersion = static_cast<DataVersion *>(chip::Platform::MemoryAlloc(sizeof(DataVersion) * mDataVersionSize));
            }

   #. Open the :file:`nrf/samples/matter/common/bridge/matter_bridged_device.h` header file again to see which methods of the :c:struct:`MatterBridgedDevice` class are purely virtual (assigned with ``=0``) and have to be overridden by the :c:struct:`PressureSensorDevice` class.

>    #. Edit the :c:struct:`PressureSensorDevice` class, in the :file:`pressure_sensor.h` header file to declare the required methods as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Edit the :c:struct:`PressureSensorDevice` class in the :file:`pressure_sensor.h` header file to declare the required methods as follows:
```

      .. code-block:: C++

        uint16_t GetDeviceType() const override;

        CHIP_ERROR HandleRead(chip::ClusterId clusterId, chip::AttributeId attributeId, uint8_t *buffer,
                    uint16_t maxReadLength) override;
        CHIP_ERROR HandleWrite(chip::ClusterId clusterId, chip::AttributeId attributeId, uint8_t *buffer) override;
        CHIP_ERROR HandleAttributeChange(chip::ClusterId clusterId, chip::AttributeId attributeId, void *data,
                        size_t dataSize) override;

   #. Implement the body of the :c:func:`GetDeviceType` method so that it can return the device type ID for the Pressure Sensor device type, which is equal to ``0x0305``.

>       To check the device type ID for specific type of device, see Matter Device Library Specification.

Reviewer: Did we have a link for this?

Author: I don't think so, as we mention it in the `matter/overview/data_model.rst` without a link as well.

>       Edit the :file:`pressure_sensor.cpp` file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

      Edit the :file:`pressure_sensor.cpp` file as follows:
```

      .. code-block:: C++

         uint16_t PressureSensorDevice::GetDeviceType() const {
            return PressureSensorDevice::kPressureSensorDeviceTypeId;
         }

>    #. Implement the body of the :c:func:`HandleRead` method to handle reading data operations for all supported attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Implement the body of the :c:func:`HandleRead` method to handle reading data operations for all supported attributes.

```

      The read operations for the ``Descriptor``, ``Bridged Device Basic Information`` and ``Identify`` clusters, which are common to all devices, are handled in a common bridge module.
      The read operations for the ``Pressure Measurement`` cluster are the only ones to that need to be handled in the application.

>       To provide support for reading attributes for the Pressure Sensor device, edit the :file:`pressure_sensor.h` and :file:`pressure_sensor.cpp` files as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

      To provide support for reading attributes for the Pressure Sensor device, edit the :file:`pressure_sensor.h` and :file:`pressure_sensor.cpp` files as follows:
```

               }
               case Clusters::PressureMeasurement::Attributes::FeatureMap::Id: {
                  uint32_t featureMap = GetPressureMeasurementFeatureMap();
                  return CopyAttribute(&featureMap, sizeof(featureMap), buffer, maxReadLength);
               }
               default:
                  return CHIP_ERROR_INVALID_ARGUMENT;
               }
            }

   #. Implement the body of the :c:func:`HandleWrite` method, which handles write data operations for all supported attributes.
      In this case, there is no attribute supporting write operations, so edit the :file:`pressure_sensor.cpp` file as follows:

      .. code-block:: C++

         CHIP_ERROR PressureSensorDevice::HandleWrite(chip::ClusterId clusterId, chip::AttributeId attributeId, uint8_t *buffer) {
            return CHIP_ERROR_UNSUPPORTED_CHIP_FEATURE;
         }

   #. Implement the body of the :c:func:`HandleAttributeChange` method.
      This will be called by the ``Bridge Manager`` to notify that data was changed by the ``Bridged Device Data Provider`` and the local state should be updated.

>       Edit the :file:`pressure_sensor.h` and :file:`pressure_sensor.cpp` files as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

      Edit the :file:`pressure_sensor.h` and :file:`pressure_sensor.cpp` files as follows:
```

               case Clusters::PressureMeasurement::Id: {
                  switch (attributeId) {
                  case Clusters::PressureMeasurement::Attributes::MeasuredValue::Id: {
                     int16_t value;

                     err = CopyAttribute(data, dataSize, &value, sizeof(value));

                     if (err != CHIP_NO_ERROR) {
                        return err;
                     }

                     SetMeasuredValue(value);

                     break;
                  }
                  default:
                     return CHIP_ERROR_INVALID_ARGUMENT;
                  }
                  break;
               }
               default:
                  return CHIP_ERROR_INVALID_ARGUMENT;
               }

               return err;
            }

#. Implement the ``Bridged Device Data Provider`` role.

   a. Create the :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.cpp` and :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.h` files in the :file:`src/simulated_providers` directory.
   #. Open the :file:`nrf/samples/matter/common/bridge/bridged_device_data_provider.h` header file and find the :c:struct:`BridgedDeviceDataProvider` class constructor.

>       Learn the constructor signature, that will be used in the child class implemented in the next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Note the constructor signature, it will be used in the child class implemented in the next steps.
```

>    #. Add a new :c:struct:`SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider` class inherting :c:struct:`BridgedDeviceDataProvider`, and implement its constructor in the :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.h` header file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Add a new :c:struct:`SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider` class inheriting :c:struct:`BridgedDeviceDataProvider`, and implement its constructor in the :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.h` header file.
```

      .. code-block:: C++

         #pragma once

         #include "bridged_device_data_provider.h"

         #include <zephyr/kernel.h>

         class SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider : public BridgedDeviceDataProvider {
         public:
            SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider(UpdateAttributeCallback updateCallback, InvokeCommandCallback commandCallback) : BridgedDeviceDataProvider(updateCallback, commandCallback) {}
            ~SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider() {}
         };

   #. Open the :file:`nrf/samples/matter/common/bridge/bridged_device_data_provider.h` header file again to see which methods of the :c:struct:`BridgedDeviceDataProvider` class are purely virtual (assigned with ``=0``) and have to be overridden by the :c:struct:`SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider` class.

>    #. Edit the :c:struct:`SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider` class, in the :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.h` header file to declare the required methods as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Edit the :c:struct:`SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider` class in the :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.h` header file to declare the required methods as follows:
```

      .. code-block:: C++

         void Init() override;
         void NotifyUpdateState(chip::ClusterId clusterId, chip::AttributeId attributeId, void *data, size_t dataSize) override;
         CHIP_ERROR UpdateState(chip::ClusterId clusterId, chip::AttributeId attributeId, uint8_t *buffer) override;

   #. Implement the body of the :c:func:`Init` method so that it can prepare the data provider for further operation.
      In this case, the pressure measurements will be simulated by changing data in a random manner and updating it at fixed time intervals.

>       To initialize the timer and perform measurement updates, edit the :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.h` and :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.cpp` files as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

      To initialize the timer and perform measurement updates, edit the :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.h` and :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.cpp` files as follows:
```

               /* Get some random data to emulate sensor measurements. */
               provider->mPressure = chip::Crypto::GetRandU16() % (kMaxRandomPressure - kMinRandomPressure) + kMinRandomPressure;
               DeviceLayer::PlatformMgr().ScheduleWork(NotifyAttributeChange, reinterpret_cast<intptr_t>(provider));
            }

            void SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider::NotifyAttributeChange(intptr_t context)
            {
               SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider *provider = reinterpret_cast<SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider *>(context);
               provider->NotifyUpdateState(Clusters::PressureMeasurement::Id,
                           Clusters::PressureMeasurement::Attributes::MeasuredValue::Id,
                           &provider->mPressure, sizeof(provider->mPressure));
            }

   #. Implement the body of the :c:func:`NotifyUpdateState` method that shall be called after every data change related to the Pressure Sensor device.
      It is used to inform the ``Bridge Manager`` and Matter Data Model that an attribute value should be updated.

>       To make the method invoke the appropriate callback, edit the :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.cpp` file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

      To make the method invoke the appropriate callback, edit the :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.cpp` file as follows:
```

      .. code-block:: C++

         void SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider::NotifyUpdateState(chip::ClusterId clusterId, chip::AttributeId attributeId,
                                    void *data, size_t dataSize)
         {
            if (mUpdateAttributeCallback) {
               mUpdateAttributeCallback(*this, Clusters::PressureMeasurement::Id,
                        Clusters::PressureMeasurement::Attributes::MeasuredValue::Id, data,
                        dataSize);
            }
         }

   #. Implement the body of the :c:func:`UpdateState` method.
      This will be called by the ``Bridge Manager`` to inform that data in Matter Data Model was changed and request propagating this information to the end device.

>       In this case, there is no attribute supporting write operations and sending data to end device is not required, so edit the :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.cpp` file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

      In this case, there is no attribute supporting write operations and sending data to end device is not required, so edit the :file:`simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.cpp` file as follows:
```

      .. code-block:: C++

         CHIP_ERROR SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider::UpdateState(chip::ClusterId clusterId, chip::AttributeId attributeId,
                                    uint8_t *buffer)
         {
            return CHIP_ERROR_UNSUPPORTED_CHIP_FEATURE;
         }

> 3. Add the ``PressureSensorDevice`` and ``SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider`` implementations created in previous steps to the compilation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Add the ``PressureSensorDevice`` and ``SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider`` implementations created in previous steps to the compilation process.
```

>    To do that, edit the :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file, as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To do that, edit the :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file as follows:
```

   .. code-block:: cmake

      target_sources(app PRIVATE
        src/bridged_device_types/pressure_sensor.cpp
        src/simulated_providers/simulated_pressure_sensor_data_provider.cpp
      )

> 4. Provide allocators for ``PressureSensorDevice`` and ``SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider``  object creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Provide allocators for ``PressureSensorDevice`` and ``SimulatedPressureSensorDataProvider``  object creation.
```

>    The Matter Bridge application uses a :c:struct:`SimulatedBridgedDeviceFactory` factory module that creates a pair of ``Matter Bridged Device`` and ``Bridged Device Data Provider`` objects matching a specific Matter device type ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Matter Bridge application uses a :c:struct:`SimulatedBridgedDeviceFactory` factory module that creates paired ``Matter Bridged Device`` and ``Bridged Device Data Provider`` objects matching a specific Matter device type ID.

```
Looking at this more, just so it doesn't sound there's going to two of each object.

Empty line to separate the next line to its own.
